what's up guys welcome to a new video
today I'm going to be going over my quid
sticker and pop collection it's pop star
the pop vinyls that you know you see it
stores so I mean we only collect enough
I just added these for collabs I have
Jack Sims and mr. beast which is where I
found this app I'm not sponsored by them
then Adventure Time I'm trying to get
rid of all my stickers I like 10
stickers lots of what we're going to go
over why synapse collection and I don't
know I showed at the bottom of said also
collecting Star Trek's but I'm trying to
get rid of that because I'm trying to
get pops from over series to sell to not
sell trade them forever pops so here's
why okay hold on let's go over to
collection these are I only have a few
finesse sets that are completed I have
my moji sticker pack but happening I'm
og the angry wine mode you and if I'm
going to passing this positive video
look at them this is the screen my mode
you like they're confused or something
little devils my mode read the ones that
have the folks are the ones I completed
these ones I have it when I have the
baby angels my emojis
the sweet baby Angel my mo geez
I have to the mangoes and then we're
worried from so angry my mochi fruity we
have this 3d mango rar I don't know how
I'm just going to take the load but you
can just see the icon so this is what
they look like and then
luli sauce we have the firt the I keep
saying Furi Furi my emoji
it's not a fairy theory and then we have
mischief my moji we have some go happy
my mochi Freddie I only have one
spring-trap for this one
oh here is gleam I'm og like I still
like happy or something I don't know
there's so many categories Red Devils my
emoji I only have one then I've sweet
golden glow my mochi I'd this glowing
golden Freddy which looks cool and then
finesse Choice Award
snappers Choice Award justice which is
like Thanksgiving I'd that are chica
instead of a turkey Turkey Co glow of
2016 and then now we're going to be
getting into the top I only have I'm
only going to show one of the thirty
pops but I'm just going to show like
what they look like from non pretty
fronting you if this would load come on
I hate when things take so long to load
and I'm like right next to my wife side
all right one minute okay okay here is
it here - here's the freddy fazbear and
then there's Bonnie I have and I have
the night shift I am powered down
spring-trap or spring-trap lurking and
golden Freddy sometimes foxy power down
which will collect the lurking one which
is why calls
spring-trap power-down spring trip and
toys ready now we have Balloon Boy my
emojis which I got the ugliest Balloon
Boy I could have possibly gotten out of
this whole set
we had toy chica by mo g we have toy
Bonnie mine roadies golden freddy my
mochi I have the smirk and the wink Wow
wink then we had the night shift mystery
minis I have scrag child standing
balloon boy sitting crying child sitting
and mr. cupcake and plush Freddy my
mogees plus Freddy okay withered foxy my
mochi I the smiling or smirking Glee
ugly one
and then I spend twenty five thousand of
us coins imma set to get the whole set I
have two golden Freddy's this must look
like the pop ones but the sticker form
one spring-trap two main goals six
bodies five Freddy's 3 chicas two foxes
in 6th wedding that's one of my favorite
sets and I the let's party my mochi
which is purple balloon don't know why
they would put only a purple woman or I
only have the purple blue I don't know
why they would even include a balloon to
like an animatronic isn't holding it
then I'd know skeleton my mo g which is
smile and smirk
so they have fun time Freddie by moji
we have shadow electronic free pop with
the shadow body one Michelle show which
is my friend's favorite animatronics I
don't have the shadow Freddie though
which is my favorite animatronic the one
I like the most
lot there's the shadow Bonnie one which
looks really cool so then mr. cupcake my
mochi plushtrap my mochi is it
funtime taksim I'm oh jeez and we're
almost done I don't know why it starts
you at the very top you have entered my
mochi which is the grid then nightmare
my mochi to with the nightmare bonnie
and another really ugly balloon boy then
we have five nights for these mystery
minis the only one are missing out of
this set is the nightmare mangle I need
the nightmare mangle so if any of you
have could you want to trade with me
I need the nightmare mango I'll see what
I can trade out of all my other fan I
stuff it sold out so I can't buy anymore
or I can still buy the boxes are sold
out but I can't get a mango but that's
what I need really badly I don't have
any of the pint-sized heroes but that's
it for my finesse collection then this
is me if you want to add me it's like my
youtube channel hold on all right and I
only have one block Caesar because they
wouldn't give me a mango laughter I
offer them
like 70 items discipling it was more
like 25 but I just got really mad and I
guess that's it I'll show you that
jacksFilms and mascara beasts up just
for now for Jack Sylvia Sam squad meanie
big boy who did this in for head and
then he want those old trade those but
no don't exit club come on
and here's mr. beast we have mr. beasts
peace out mr. beast frigate spinners mr.
beast explaining and we have mr. beast
logo well that's going to be it for this
video don't forget to Like comment and
subscribe and I'll see you on the next
video bye